Hi everyone I'm haven't. I'm Tracy and welcome to another round with have an interest.
Well.
We are very excited about what we have and store it is Mental Health Awareness
Month may have mental health awareness month. So we're going to dedicate the bulk of
this episode maybe not one hundred percent but like a solid eighty five percent of this episode to talk
about mental
health our own issues and struggles and we're also going to have the
first lady of the city of New
York. Shirley MacLaine I can't
believe we got this make. I mean excited though
so she has her shot of the stigma campaign so we're going talk a lot about that when she's doing with New York City mental health care.
Also later on in the show we're going to see Job time as
a and I will debut my quiz writing skills
with that is Jason Bateman great I mean I'm excited and nervous but first
let's start the
show
such as the wrote this essay called when taking anxiety medication is a revolutionary act and tell the
people about us the truth. So
the essay is just about my life with anxiety disorder which
I've had I swear like since I was born like I came out of the Will Michael Moore
that lies about what's going on that I might say
but just about me I'm like a super super
super jacket or what I thought was super shack it and then my gradually learning that I actually
having sighted
disorder going through the motions of preparing myself to actually go get a psychiatrist and
Mike get medicine so hard. First of all just a hard thing to do
like finding a psychologist and getting them to give you medicine that will alter your brain chemistry
or jump
through is exhausting I started and that was so many
times so that part is difficult and also like we grow up in a society where we're taught
that like if you need. Until like fix your brain there's something like wrong with
either you're
lazy if you later do it yourself whereas it will have to hire you not praying that
it needed to take medicine back when you have the flu not by going to say oh well you know
just just try harder to write you know. And it's not about
like anxiety and depression is it there are their physical condition right. They should treat them the same
way with medicine and with therapy and stuff like that so it's a really long essay. Hopefully
it's a
good read not along US from somebody like me. I don't read some
of the writing it was hard because I didn't have the attention span all that A.D.D. fun fact.
So I thought about that in there too.
I mean I really appreciate it because there's just not enough conversations about being medicated
or the anxiety of like even figuring out how
to navigate all the. Oh my God you know that now thinking
this
is something that I like to do it like I try to speak very openly about it we both
do on Twitter and on the show in the stuff that we do because just because there's nobody like talking about it
right and there's this feeling that like nobody else in the world is like anxious or depressed
when the reality is like basically everybody
is you know and we just don't know it because like I fell quiet about it and it's such a lonely feeling
and I want people to listen alone you know as not the only ones guys. It's OK.
I don't really write that much personal essay stuff about it because soccer writing.
I do kind of write generally about it about two I come out it more
from places like Tumblr where I really like we all know I love tumblr. Yeah but it has
a really great like recovery community recovery sort of broadly being
like eating disorders mental health stuff that's like depression
anxiety schizophrenia or whatever like a whole range of things I feel like there's a really
nice supportive community on tumblr for these kinds of me so I write about like stuff like
that but Evan you wrote a really really great post for Buzz Feed about like how to
go about seeking out a doctor or you know how to start therapy. I had a
star
therapy even that it's like. Seems like it should be a simple thing. It's like you're
already sick but you still have to take on this task is this path it takes a lot of energy
because you're depressed especially like you don't have energy to care of yourself anyway. You wrote it because
I needed it like I do this I've done it
before but through school it's a different context. But yes. Our whole goal is to like
have resources for people who are like just frustrated not to the conversation
and
so we're going to get into all of this with the first lady and really get into sort of like the
racial stuff about needing to see brown women talking about. Who who will mental
health stuff and then get into all of that but first let's have not done yet let's have
some fun although.
I hate watching movies to be honest because most of them are trash.
But the other day I was like yeah let me let me watch a movie haven't seen one in a while let me keep up with it if you want to.
And like there are like a million Jason Bateman movies on Netflix. Funny
thing is I know they exist but I cannot name a single and that's because they're all just the
last like a few minutes why have you seen horrible but I
think the editors tool. OK. Anyways we'll get back to it it's just
frustrating because most movies have the same like. Five plots or like than
five people and it's just
like it's frustrating on why people have so much access to movies and they have the nerve to be bad at it
like they do the same thing over anyway so Jason Bateman I
notice plays literally the same. Average like middle aged white dude
who's like kind of a little rise on the human I
think he's like an architect or like you know. I mean
I loved him in Arrested Development that's kind of where I think he
got this typecasting got started I was going through.
I.M.D.B. and watch over the development. OH MY GOD YOU'RE LIKE
together. So I mean this quiz because I was like oh my god. Names of Jesus
and the humans character.
Las like in just like such a stereotypical middle aged white guy
named Chad and shit. Well. Tracy I'm going to make you take
this Christofer out what the real name is and what are the white names I just made up.
OK OK
So in each of these questions one of the names will be that of an actual Jason
Bateman character and the other two are white men names I just made up.
OK I'm ready when you like my game day I'm a Bobby. We
also mean like in a line boy against that white
man I had an of the best Tonight Show music why did I
say let's go with that was what I guess that white man. All right so
the X. is a movie from two thousand and six where Jason Bateman plays a dude
who annoy Zach Braff in the office he just annoys him.
There's a whole OK I thought it was OK I'm not going to get into it OK While that's Cool Disco hear
the three options trees you know that General. Is this man named
Kenneth Preston. Oh my God chip Sanders. She says or
Willard Romney.
So will it around the light is shining on ever higher. Oh my God
where he's not a real person I would pick the obviously process of the
law myself not will it really. This is a bit. Can it.
Kenneth Preston
chip Sanders. I don't want to believe they're actual white men run around and shit is
your answer Ken it's Preston is that your final answer
yes wrong then there
is a real name of Sanders Yeah.
Oh my God All right
let's go another on this which is a movie from two thousand and ten involving a
wild plotline about switching sperm donors. So
that Jennifer Aniston is going to have Jason Reitman's child through some crazy
high jinx.
Is this. Jason Bateman character named Declan
Newman. Archie Collins. Or
Wally Mars.
This guy was not very much.
Declan Newman Archie Colin or Wally Mars.
I'm going to go with Archie
Collins wrong
with the real name of Wally M.R. I'm all real name
of a decent game and this is ridiculous.
OK The Longest Week two thousand and fourteen also this man makes like a million because
they there's so many ways to do
that but oh my god. OK He's like a broken. Dude
who like has wealthy parents and he like moves in with an old friend it's a dumb. Premise
whether she's
are losing with a friend and like Meet the woman of his dreams just apparently Olivia Wilde.
Is this Jason Bateman character named I'm nervous.
Conrad Val MN Duncan Louis
or Brooke. Buffington Oh my
God these AI Once again that's Conrad
bellman done Ken Lewis and Brooks busting ten.
I feel like the most comical one has to be is in them and they were a blessing.
All right I mean I did I think it is the Conrad Mehlman that some of you will
say Sunday night. Fun
fact Brooks Buffington is a real person. He's one of the founders of the app
to yak
yak is a real man that exists but is like the quiet boy
started I was speechless is and saw Jerry how do you are over
three right
now we have two more we got one of a
bad words a movie from twenty thirteen he plays. A forty year old misanthropes alike the same
as the other. And he's somehow high jinks ensue when he enters a
spelling bee because of a loophole and he wins. I don't even know they did.
This Jason Bateman character is
named onder the home guy. Trilby.
Or Bigsby summers. Again that's
onder homo guy. Trilby or Big B. summers.
I'm going to go with.
Guy.
Trilby thing I do you know the name guy's guy
but my
guy. Andras home is also a real dude. He's I do for more God he's funny.
Oh shaft honors that's his real
name. All right last one Tracy man disconnect
from two thousand and twelve. It's one of those movies like a bunch of different plotlines and he's just like one of
them and like an intertwining that Oriel not ever any of them exactly but he's
still making money you said to Jason Bateman he plays a lawyer
is Jason Bateman
named Rich Boyd. Hi.
Ryssdal Or Bob
Loblaw I'm sorry what.
Again. That is the
rich boy. Cause I riz don't know or
Bob Loblaw.
J.C. if you watched Arrested Development you'd be able to live in a one of these so this is all new.
And if you listen to Marketplace. You know that
entire i'm crazy and I didn't hear like I'm going to say Rich
Boy you are correct.
Bob Loblaw is one of the best character of all time or
as the development in Kyra's I was a real dude at Marketplace out of the guy
was that a little bit you know in a life I read. Develop it. Bob blah
blah. Are you a C.E.O. C.F.O. or other executive picking fees
or similar charges.
Why should you go to jail for a crime someone else
notice if you only double talk. You need bomb blah
blah blah blah blah so I've left my job.
Oh you want to be my I want to live. But can we all just a shout out to my white dude
named it like so much money that was a bomb or not I'm actually amazed to be a big thank
you Summers is I think one of the best to be a professional white dude name
or I agree but if you say let me name your
child
we are so very excited for our next guest thrilled. We
have the first lady of New York City all Miss Shirley McRae here she's
the chair of the Mayor's Fund to advance New York City a nonprofit organization that focus on supporting public
programs in areas including mental
health and support for young men and women of color. And also recently
you announced that there's going to be an investment of seventy eight point three
million dollars to my counseling and treatment and a lot of mental health care in the New York
City area and you are also on Twitter and Tumblr and I love it and you're
frequently talking about your mental health advocacy through the touch tag shatter the stigma.
Welcome to the show for yet were they happy to have you know we might be getting a new gadget I know
you have I'm so excited to be
here in a way that we like to kick off all of our interviews.
Even though we know who you are obviously what you do we like to hear in your own words.
So the first question that we ask is What do you do and why. What do I
do and why it is a good question I ask myself that every
day I think myself as
a changemaker I came here to you know mix things up and get people
on a more positive track. That's you know when I when I break it all down. This is what I'm
here to do I spend most of my days being of not taking care of
myself or take. Other people. That's what I'm
doing so what motivated you to be such a big mental health
advocate. Well you know it's personal because I have all through
my life I've experienced this what I call it invisible
conversation things happening to people around me that nobody wants to talk
about my parents suffered from depression and never understood their
behavior like why my father withdraw and that there's certain ways and why my mother would be
so sad
and you know only now my coming to an understanding of what was going
on and more recently my daughter came to us and said that she was diagnosed with
anxiety and depression and addiction and as it was
just very clear to me
that we have to do something we've got to start talking about this war
because it's not just me and my family it's every family
has experiences like mine as I've been out in communities talking with people I found
out you know one in five Americans has a diagnosable mental health challenge.
Maybe that's a lot of people like everybody else exactly. No one is
not touched by this and yet it's something that we don't really talk about it's something we
don't provide adequate services for and there's a huge stigma about getting treatment.
What were the conversations like about mental health in your household growing up in like how do you think
about those conversations now in your own
household where we didn't talk about it in a way that really
reference mental health the thought was and in those days you
know you you you just you tough you tough it out right you work
harder you
just go to church you pray
you put on the happy face for the people around you and then
you know later on yes maybe you go to a doctor but it was it was very
I had no shameful. Yeah it wasn't something that we didn't
have all the medications we have now we didn't have. I think
we we've got so much stuff right we've got a level of sophistication.
In addition to medications we've got all kinds of consonance treatment that we didn't have back
then so it will it was I think
partly there was so much shame because there really weren't kinds of
solutions that we have now.
So how do you talk about this with your children
now koma good now I'm well I'm learning so much from my children
because we've come a long way not far enough that we've got a long way I mean that
initial moment of like talking to your parents about your mental health stuff is really hard. What was that
moment like it shook
me to my core who really did I just I want to I want to
cry I was a for so afraid for her I didn't know what to
do it
was really tough you know it's really
tough you know I just loved her that we took she to so she's so
open and so communicative and that really is like the first step to
healing is like being able to talk about it being able to reach out to
someone and she was doing that and I knew this is really hard
it's hard but we're going to we're going to get there we're going to get to the
next step because you know we're it we're we're talking together and we've got
that love you know that that strong sense of family.
I write and talk a lot about my variances with anxiety disorder which I was officially diagnosed with in
my twenty's and my original plan was to not feel anybody like my best
best friend because I didn't want to tell my mom about
it and when my biggest worries was that I didn't want her to feel like she had done something
wrong or that he was a failure and I also didn't want him to like look at me as like weak
or like I mean were very like jokey family and I was like I don't want you to like take it easy on me you
know like I don't like treat me like I'm made out of
glass but eventually I came to understand in that they are trying to understand me because they
had never like even thought about what it's like to like to be worried for Nari. And so
I think that's a ask if you could give advice to parents who learn that their
children are going through what would you say to them.
Well first I have to thank you for writing that piece I read it and I was like oh you are
SO is so brave of you so courageous and the piece was
beautifully written off and you know it really touched me you know I think
very we need to get it out some more yes absolutely I think you know a
lot of important information about
this and and as for other parents. I just you know I think parents have
to literally listen to their
children and if they feel like something's not right as
they should trust their instincts because sometimes the child may not know what's going
on and it really requires a deeper
conversation with the parents not ready to have a deeper conversation might want
to find somebody who could help with that and it is important not to
blame yourself. Yeah every mom every dad what to be perfect
right this is like our most important job raising up our young ones but we don't have complete
control over nature over genetics the room by room and so
we need to.
Be easy a little easier on as cells and just see how to do the best we can. That's great and I
think number is all about the loving
me when I was first diagnosed with depression. I remember feeling like I don't even think this
is the thing that applied to me I've been raised that the idea of like a strong
black woman.
Oh yes so I was just like well this is the way life is hard I just have to deal with it and
you can be said pray on it and in your
work you talk about a lot about race and mental health and really bringing that element into the
conversation because I don't I don't even have that vocabulary yet and I didn't even
know this is a thing black people dealt with
yeah right. Right and we actually deal with it and you know much higher percentage and
then on and many other folks because well. There is
racism there is trauma. There is poverty and all of those
things exacerbate life right. And if you live with
stress for a long period of time it really builds up and builds up and then becomes
what we call toxic stress and trauma and it's much harder
to make a comeback from that. So it's very important for people
to you know I get and get it early. You know you feel like something's not right reach
out yeah and op ed you wrote for The Root you cited a statistic that says African-Americans are twenty percent more
likely than their white counterparts to report experiencing serious psychological distress. I mean that's the kind
of doubt it we're
doing right now there was also a statistic that said that we are forty percent less likely
to seek out help for it. That's right which is it just crushes me to hear
that instead there are still many of us is out there just like struggling not only with just like whatever
our brain chemistry is doing but like seeing our brothers and sisters murdered like
via
video is draining it's tiring it makes me feel like helpless in moments like this we
talk a lot about self care on this show to let you how do we take care of myself when it's just like too much.
What is your self care routine where you take care of yourself.
First let me say that when you see other people going through stuff I was important for us as
black women encourage them to get help you know we don't have enough services out there but you
know still need to encourage people to get help There's doesn't have to be professional help sometimes
just talking to
one and encourage people to self care. I have a lot of tools that
you know this morning I was listening to TALK to come on and indeed I
really I was like really helped me boost my mood there was a real thing I
love to move around
a dance saying and is a big thing for me. I love
nature so walking and walking around the garden looking at plants
just being in touch with the earth helped me so much poetry
writing I got it
so the longer you write. If you can tell me more and I love working through my
emotions using you know using words. And that's it's very
helpful in my estimation it seems like the mental health conversation is
having a bigger moment right now. How do you see that in the sort of
larger conversation what are the seven seventy eight point three million actually going through
Yes Well first of all I say that we just we have so much more information now than we
did twenty thirty years ago about about mental health and and what it takes
to prevent problems from starting and how to treat
them and I think that's what we're seeing just everywhere like people are starting to talk about it because
we have solutions.
We have evidence based research we know what to do we know that the average age of
onset of mental illnesses is fourteen. But the point is that it could
happen any time you know the time child. Warren up until you know like twenty's thirty's
whatever it's something to look for we know the signs and symptoms we
know what to look for so when young person gets to college and that's
actually that first year is a really traumatic time and may times.
That's when things break down and a lot of
little experience there like mental health stuff in their early twenty's that you know the college years.
That's right activates everything that's already well.
So it's good to marry watch
back I think that that that conversation that public conversation
we're having is because like OK we know what's happening and then the next step is we
like what do we actually do about it and and and stigma is
something that I'm very deeply concerned about and one of the reasons we
are putting money into all these different areas are runaway shelters
are homeless shelters are domestic violence justice
centers we know that
people who are in trauma are most
vulnerable having whatever's going on with them made
much worse right. So it's a lot of them. Are you going to service based
organization that's going into yes to into mental like mental health clinics schools.
OK so that children will
have services mental health services where they go to school and
then move shelters will have services where they are and that's the other things like to make the
services accessible. We need to expand our number of providers.
We need culturally competent providers I
mean if you speak Cantonese you speak Spanish right. Well they want language you speak
like we're going to see you this is Mrs New
York and any urban centers going to have this issue of like not necessarily
having the providers where people are and not home providers who actually are understood
who understand the people that not just the language but the the culture the
greatest chance because
this seriously. It is
just people have to be comfortable in going to get
help this isn't a fantastic conversation I
was happy for ever and ever and ever but
we did the lady and you have tons to do so we have this kind
of weird but also fun.
You don't miss that we literally you know it's a little weird the segment
is called pew pew pew pew rapid fire rapid fire questions.
OK so we just have like
some very random very casual informal questions about you know you
much into it cetera et cetera. First question how do you feel about
girls I heard you're going to ask this question I want to know that I was not
able to just only know we're all what I thought was my nickname for my summer so I
can come slow my life but I don't like sports. I just say right because
you know that
right now this
is there a literal key to the city.
I've always wanted to do with my not a little crazy but you know and I get a break was
the mile and a good attitude will get you anywhere you. Want to get there you go.
What is
your favorite sitcom from the ninety's.
Oh I'm going to say fresh French.
Yes actually
has anyone ever touched your hair without asking since you've been first lady.
You know. OK. Really you know this is a very important question from
heaven do you watch The Good Wife. Oh my
God yes. Oh well I just love it. Oh the my home any
fall was actually on want to he deliver a cameo I was so happy I thought
Oh yeah and I was sort of one of
our favorite shows. I think it's a very interesting show for women in politics.
Do you feel like the women you meet in your political life are represented in that
show they are yeah but this even wore his I think there's so much
more we could be seeing on television to represent the real women who
are out in the world doing this kind of work
absolutely. So do you still find the time to write poetry. Yes
I don't have enough time and I don't have much time as I want to but yes I do.
Was your favorite character on The Good Wife.
It's
not good to say your least favorite character.
This is an amazing you're welcome to that crowd of well I want to look out for you know
another great Give our
best to your family we are in love with your children because I hardly know you don't know the family.
So where can people find more about what you're doing and what shattered the stigma surrounding certainly check in the
flow nice F.L. though that N.Y.C. you can always get important information there
about everything I'm
doing all right thanks so much we're going to do you want
to get we've
got the first lady of New York City. I can't
believe you're laying on the trailer and she's just she's so smart.
Some people just walk into a room and it feels like warmer and that's let me smile I'm not a now. Look.
I mean the and I'm.
OK have it was a GUESS WHAT TIME IT IS WHAT TIME IS IT TRUE
sees just how you know that's
fine or I remembered. I want to build
the suspense. It's just sufficiently built. OK I'm excited.
So this is a joke that was
actually told to me a couple of days ago by a new friend Francesca levy a guy.
It's a great joke a very good. So there's this
guy name is Bob. OK I'm Bob Francis
Bob Loblaw. Absolutely
not Bob's only guy they go through a pet
store you tell the guy hey I'm looking for a companion or else I'm the company's something that'll
be happy to see me when I come home what do you
have and the guys like that just thing coming to the back. So I go to the back of
the store like in some weird fat room or something produces a mason jar.
In the mason jar is full of like grass and
leaves and it's got little puncture holes in the top and he's like What is it in
the store owners like if you look closely you'll see a caterpillar. And
I like wow you mean academies. But this is not just any regular
Caterpillar Baba my friend Caterpillar the name is Jerome of
course. Jerome is a great friend and his favorite thing
to do is go down to the pub and have a drink the caterpillar. Caterpillar likes to go for
a pub in
the meat and then I hear myself after what club. Oh
OK You know me I stand up a little bit in this universe rather polar absolutely close to
the bob. Yes frequently. Oh no he just he's a super Chilcat All right
we're all right you know I don't need
to be like Mr clubs every night is not really my thing
chilled you
know he does well. Go to the bar have a drink. OK mom's like well I don't know about
this means I'm well he's also a great conversationalist. And
Bob's like you tell me this kind of how we can talk now while
he would be more surprised at a talking Caterpillar than he would a
caterpillar that go so well what is a drink I don't know things are beyond did
an interesting type of dude but he's like you tell me this got a pelican talking about oh yeah you love talking
about politics and art you
know everything in Bob's like OK what I would like to have some great conversation and
I would also like to go down to the pub to have a drink so as I write
I would take this capitalist or thank you so bile scoop
subzero in his little mason jar home take him to his house and for a while
they just kind of look at each other you know Bob looking to roam your room. And there's
just looking at
Bob and eventually he takes the top off of the
jar and bobs like so drew on what he won
today and he waits during that and say anything.
This is like OK
well maybe maybe we should talk about politics so he's like oh man did you see that
last election debate whatever you know you know what it what do you think about this new development
in the in the political world and so he
waits you didn't say anything
when suddenly like OK maybe maybe talking is not your thing is I do you want to go down to the pub
and have a drink. And he put his ear up to the driver who might maybe
be talking with his left Caterpillar tiny Maybe I just hear him say
places and he waits for a
response. He doesn't get
anything that he's like well maybe he just can't hear me like maybe there's something in like the mechanics of a
caterpillar ear. Whatever I don't know and so he can try and he's
really trying to to be Drome the caterpillars fly in and so then he put his mouth like right up
to the Johnnies like
hey do you want to go down to the pub and get a
drink drones is nothing. And so Bob is like OK I'm getting real pissed
off and getting real fed up and he picks up the joint he's about to throw it go
all and smash. But before he does he said I'm ask you one more time.
Do you want to go down to the pub for a drink or not and then the Caterpillar
says I heard you I'm putting my shoes
on
I
J
C N N N
N
So we asked you all to
send in a voice recording the pettiest reason you've ever broken up
and we've got some great
responses. Then what he's really the best idea I've ever had i love you all just wanted so much.
It was so hard to pick just a few to play again we've Riyadh here the you see Take a listen to a
few of the men I really got all of that and they
say they keep coming in to listen
to the pettiest reason I've
ever broken up with someone
because that man could not multiply he bought this
jacket and was really set on wearing it. His
dick was like the largest physical thing I've ever seen on the planet and let
me tell you about this like you know when they're like fascinated by a large animal like a horse
or something but you're like I'm going to stay over here because like it might kill
me and it was for trams and along the hood it also has
like gold stitching in it and some weird pattern
Gucci man their least favorite foods were chocolate peanut butter
and jelly sandwiches and fried
chicken really really broke with like a beautiful deep purple like purple like Barney purple.
Maybe they didn't use theirs for properly.
He cheated on me with this otherworldly chick. It was like eight or.
Mediated algebra like twenty five times
two I can
reconcile being with somebody who doesn't believe that
fried chicken is a gift from God
that Jesus did not anoint fried chicken with all of his beauty
and glory for us to enjoy he chose to do to
man and I look over and I kind of like fixate on this year it's like the
most you know
was the most god awful ugly thing I've ever seen in my whole life.
They have food on their cheese their forehead their eyebrows the back of
their head
whatever I can not
know he would not go and get my
scrutiny this brother took the gator or a bottle and threw
it out the one below call my face I made him take me home. A Maybe at
least I will fold the straw I'll just come believe they can get this
littered but he was a cool dude I hope he finally learned how to multiply by two.
So
the real is and said it was the girl I was like he
would love you and I mean Capitol Hill are you sure would not like it.
I feel you girl really. Well yes you are our hero of the day. Thank you so much
for submitting you. Our question for next month is what is the
wildest workplace microaggression experience. Oh my God. What's the
wasn't OK OK so I have natural hair and. You know that thing where when you
have natural hand you straighten it you know you going to see why people in the day. Oh yeah
I'm right here definite you know yes. Answer was ours all of them all I had a look I had there.
Oh my gosh is that always oh my gosh here girls all said I'm a little me
so I have to be like oh your hair looks good. Even the way you want what
I really hate is oh I barely recognize you have you never seen. My face.
OK So what happened. OK so little happened when it happened. I used to work in this really teeny
tiny
office and there was this one woman who always had some slick to say about my hair like you would
introduce me to her kids like her actual clients is a white woman is very white woman I mean I just
assumed she was like Tracy with the crazy hey
I'm on my own reason for a Z. That's
how she would introduce me to people who come into the
office one day I mean my my hands were raggedy so I had to get it trimmed and I got it straight and I was like oh
my God let me go let me just get this. Oh if you see this is one day just get me through everybody else
was fine. Oh my gosh I like your hair oh my gosh I didn't know your hair was alone. Bam we're
done
this bitch was in the office and she lets me she says oh you look so professional now.
What do you think you were doing the whole time.
Lee are we not all being professional right now getting to be a professional I'll call her later like
that same week in the office kitchen and there was like a can of whipped
cream had the whole novel in her mouth.
Oh I did that it's professional use
me as you can see from crazy story like a micro Gresham to for those around those basically like a sort
of as Tracy calls it
bites very subtle like but let's not I mean I yeah it's not like housing discrimination
is right. I don't want to be Robin white poting your hair is unprofessional and yes even though it's how it
comes out of your head you're right ma'am this is my
hair or like you know things
like mistaking you for the other black person the often things like that words like you know
very personal. Yeah. And they're all very interpersonal interactions and those are the kinds
of things that just don't need you know you.
Yeah life grand and we all unfortunately deal with them every
day I'm sure you all have wild stories like that we will as again
keep it like two a minute.
So you can call in at five to zero two rounds that's five two zero two seven six
eight six
three seven or you can send a voice recording. To another round of Bussy dot com To be honest I
lowkey prefer the voice recordings to their life their right to your quality but if you can't it's show its fans.
We love you anyway. We will listen just as hard. So who are you been around for this
week this week. I am a buying and the I'm this may
combine all round for
hammocks yet. Let me tell ya. I'll tell the people
about him.
Mix our wonderful producer. Julia for one that is over to work.
We little pod squad work from home day and I would work from home from Julia's home or her flyers apartment
when you talk about you. We get out there and she's like you want to try to hammocks and I'm
like no why would I do that.
Hammocks looks so unsafe the technology I don't enjoy the manger it seems like only a
child would fit in there like I had just so many I like seventeen minutes to get out of it.
But when actually it was like No guys try to and my life has
changed now. I measure my time on this earth before and after him and.
We have to marry him already. So incredibly comfortable it's like an adult baby
wrap it up a little That's why I don't
thing I like I don't know American sees that too because I always saw them like an Ethiopian with lying
that's just how you carry your children when you're back into Rodell which I've always wanted to do. Yes he was
an adult and Maggie what did you ever want to do that panics you
know I can't believe it took me this
long to get into him and I know me through my eyes at him and I was like No exactly.
I'm fucking up. Yeah but it's like as soon as I got in the hammock I felt like smarter.
Well you brought me a glass and when I have my sunglasses out of the Plough and I've really got to put a picture
that in the wild. But yes please everyone get hip
to him mix a round for him next
man Who are you buying around for trees and I am
buying around for it. Oh my God I love the love part to it like
I
always knew. Like her but it wasn't until like this week that I was like I actually love
her and she loves like a long career right I had no idea right I mean I
was into the deluxe version of her album a thousand forms a sphere.
There's a version of elastic heart on that album like the
Lux version which is her in a piano and you
say yes like an amazing
way
but
yeah. I mean when I'm
doing it it's just I just
cannot stop singing a song which is sad because I've not see it so I can hear the melody but I
try anyway. Yeah that's the dangers and you saw my dad not so yeah. Do you
know
that there are like karaoke versions of
like basically any sign that you want on You Tube and sometimes they have in the Like a lower
margin is why lower register Yeah it's like a lower
he lift and get on it anyway. I also like keeping in with the theme of the day mental health he
also speaks very openly about her struggles with Jago learn to fight
mental health. And anxiety and anxiety. And I mean it's just it's
fitting sell. She's also
sober now so I'm not going to buy her any alcohol for like a round of your favorite
juice sparkling wine yet interested around of mango juice on me around the Bangles You
also should mean does the song she sings the song breve mean which is in the finale of
Six Feet Under. Oh So first of all Tracy get your life together that you have not I don't think so don't
don't want to see but it's like I can't listen to that song without
being taken back to that finale and it's just so
beautiful with the family with that right. You just kind of cry out sometimes tricky.
Anyways I mean round of mango do. Yes in around for
hand. We did
a Guinness and I know we have to let it out like
this beautiful. Oh you know the thing we need like what the song the WE DID IT song
on Dora when the when the episode
where he did
it she did
A.J. So my guess is justice it's going
to
a big big shout out to the first lady of me I cannot believe this your way
clearly let me palls my
amazing and life saving if you want. To keep it would be to look around girls to this
amazing shot it's all the work you're doing absolutely got it to
our pod squad and I am not with us because she doesn't want to be a part
she needs a new side to Eleanor Kagan shout out to Julia for on
a shout out to Paul rouse in Argos studio.
Thank you to Jean Grey for providing us with music the people really really love like yeah. They feel like you
know I wish I was the what happened with song with longer but thank you to
you thank you to Don will who also provided us and great music you can follow
him later at the show in W L. You can follow Jean
Grey at G.M.A. greedy remember the college with your
crazy micrograms in the office story five two zero two rounds or five two
zero two seven six
eight six three seven or you can record yourself on your phone on your
computer of recording apparatus of your choice and even add another round at the speed
dot com And remember to tune in to our live
show which will be
live streaming and then a green space dot org about screen within.
Yes we're thought about it. Thank you gentlemen thank you to
the trade. And thank you so our
listeners somebody today. Let's me people saw their parents. Yes how your mom
drink
some water maybe make that phone call to a therapist. Needed to make. So sick I haven't felt
this you need to know how to get started now we're doing onto it and will love you
because you're so
I.
And I will debut my incredible skill
or
I will debut our Nope that can you let me do
this.